# Automated Web Scraping Script Readme
## Project Overview
This project involves the creation of an automated web scraping script utilizing Python and Selenium. The primary goal is to periodically check for available appointments on a specific website. This project serves as a demonstration of independent project development skills and automation capabilities.

## Tools Used
Python: The programming language used for scripting.
Selenium: A powerful tool for automating web browsers. It is particularly useful for tasks such as testing web applications and web scraping.
Web Browser Driver: Selenium requires a web browser driver to interact with the web browser. The driver used for this project was the ChromeDriver

## How to Use
1. Clone the Repository: Start by cloning or downloading the repository to your local machine.
   
` git clone https://github.com/your_username/appointment-automate-python.git `

3. Install Dependencies: Navigate to the project directory and install the required Python dependencies using pip.

` cd appointment-automate-python `

` pip install -r requirements.txt `

4. Set Up Web Browser Driver: Download the appropriate web browser driver compatible with your browser (e.g., ChromeDriver for Google Chrome).
5. Configure Script: Open web_scraping_script.py and update the website URL, Login details and Gmail Details.
6. Run the Script: Execute the script to start the web scraping process.

`python appointment-automate-python.py`

7. Sit Back and Monitor: The script will periodically check for available appointments on the specified website based on your criteria. You can monitor the output or logs generated by the script.

## Important Notes
Ensure that you are aware of and comply with the terms of service and usage policies of the website being scraped.
Adjust the scraping frequency and parameters responsibly to avoid overloading the website's servers.
Regularly update the script as needed, especially if the website's structure or behavior changes.

## Acknowledgments
This project was developed independently to showcase automation skills using Python and Selenium.

## Feedback and Contributions
Feedback and contributions are welcome! If you encounter any issues, have suggestions, or want to contribute improvements, feel free to open an issue or pull request on GitHub.
